#Sympathy User Manual

[Sympathy](http://captnemo.in/projects/sympathy) is a _local file editor_ for Chrome.
The following features are available in Sympathy:

1. Syntax Highlighting (all major languages using CodeMirror)
2. In browser editing of all files (no need to sync with dropbox)
3. All normal fancy features for a text editor are present

Sympathy is self-coded, meaning it was completely written in itself, validating itself
as a viable code editor.

#Keyboard Shortcuts

Sympathy is primarily a Code Editor, which can also function as a text editor in some cases. 
As such, it tries to rely on keyboard shortcuts instead of cluttering the interface with
menus, tabs, preferences etc.

- F9         	Cycle through themes
- F1			This Manual
- Ctrl-F     	Search
- Ctrl-Z     	Undo
- Ctrl-E     	Open new editor tab
- Ctrl-S     	Save the file
- Ctrl-Space 	Autocomplete (only javascript)
- Ctrl-H	 	Find and Replace
- Ctrl-O	 	Open a file
- Ctrl-Shift-O	Open a file in new tab
- Ctrl-D		Duplicate a line/selection
- Ctrl-J/L		Go to line number
- Ctrl-R		Reload the current file
- Ctrl-G		Find next
- Ctrl-Shift-G	Find previous
- Ctrl-Shift-F	Replace
- Ctrl-F     	Search
- Shift-Ctrl-R  Replace all


##Pre-release
As of now, Sympathy is still under heavy development, and this is a pre-alpha release. Please 
report any bugs/features to [me](nemo@sdslabs.co.in). All official announcements will be 
made on the [Sympathy homepage](http://captnemo.in/projects/sympathy)

##Known Issues
- Plugin crashes on trying to load a directory which contains symlinks.
- Date Modified Information may be lost as sympathy deletes and rewrites the file from scratch.
- Does not work on Mac (npapi-file-io does not have mac bindings)

##Planned Features
Please see [github issues](https://github.com/captn3m0/sympathy/issues) for planned features. 